Leya - forest elv, Karelon (4 Sorcerer)
BAB +2

hp 12 /12

str  12- +1 +(2)
 
dex  16 - + 3   (+2)

con  13- + 1   

wis  11 - +0

int  11 - +0  (-2)

char  16 + 3

fort - 2
ref - 3
will - 4

skill 8

bulff 13
spelcraft 7
spot +2
diplom 5 
sence motive  5


spell focus +1 очарование
greater spell focuc + 4 очарование

Atttack - 10+level + char - save will 
Заклинания 

0- уровень - 7
---------Daze
		Components:	V, S, M
		Casting Time:	1 standard action
		Range:	Close (25 ft. + 5 ft./2 levels)
		Target:	One humanoid creature of 4 HD or less
		Время:	1 round
		Saving Throw:	Will negates
		Spell Resistance:	Yes
		This enchantment clouds the mind of a humanoid creature with 4 or fewer Hit Dice so that it takes no actions. Humanoids of 5 or more HD are not affected. A dazed subject is not stunned, so attackers get no special advantage against it.
---------ELECTRIC JOLT
		Evocation [Electricity]
		Сasting Time: 1 standard action
		Range: Close (25 ft. + 5 ft./2 levels)
		Effect: Ray
		Duration: Instantaneous
		Spell Resistance: Yes
		A white-hot electric spark dances on your
		fingertip and then bolts toward your
		target.
		You release a small stroke of electrical
		energy. You must succeed on a ranged
		touch attack with the ray to strike a
		target. The spell deals 1d3 points of
		electricity damage.
----------Acid Splash
		Conjuration (Creation) [Acid]
		Level:	Sor/Wiz 0
		Components:	V, S
		Casting Time:	1 standard action
		Range:	Close (25 ft. + 5 ft./2 levels)
		Effect:	One missile of acid
		Duration:	Instantaneous
		Saving Throw:	None
		Spell Resistance:	No
		You fire a small orb of acid at the target. You must succeed on a ranged touch attack to hit your target. The orb deals 1d3 points of acid damage.
------------Mending
			Transmutation
			Casting Time:	1 standard action
			Range:	10 ft.
			Target:	One object of up to 1 lb.
			Duration:	Instantaneous
			Saving Throw:	Will negates (harmless, object)
			Spell Resistance:	Yes (harmless, object)
			Mending repairs small breaks or tears in objects (but not warps, such as might be caused by a warp wood spell). It will weld broken metallic objects such as a ring, a chain link, a medallion, or a slender dagger, providing but one break exists.

			Ceramic or wooden objects with multiple breaks can be invisibly rejoined to be as strong as new. A hole in a leather sack or a wineskin is completely healed over by mending. The spell can repair a magic item, but the item’s magical abilities are not restored. The spell cannot mend broken magic rods, staffs, or wands, nor does it affect creatures (including constructs).
--------------Message
				Transmutation [Language-Dependent]
				Casting Time:	1 standard action
				Range:	Medium (100 ft. + 10 ft./level)
				Targets:	One creature/level
				Duration:	10 min./level
				You can whisper messages and receive whispered replies with little chance of being overheard. You point your finger at each creature you want to receive the message. When you whisper, the whispered message is audible to all targeted creatures within range. Magical silence, 1 foot of stone, 1 inch of common metal (or a thin sheet of lead), or 3 feet of wood or dirt blocks the spell. The message does not have to travel in a straight line. It can circumvent a barrier if there is an open path between you and the subject, and the path’s entire length lies within the spell’s range. The creatures that receive the message can whisper a reply that you hear. The spell transmits sound, not meaning. It doesn’t transcend language barriers.
				Note: To speak a message, you must mouth the words and whisper, possibly allowing observers the opportunity to read your lips.

----------------Detect Magic:
----------------Ray of Frost: 
				Evocation [Cold]
				Casting Time:	1 standard action
				Range:	Close (25 ft. + 5 ft./2 levels)
				Effect:	Ray
				Duration:	Instantaneous
				Saving Throw:	None
				Spell Resistance:	Yes
				A ray of freezing air and ice projects from your pointing finger. You must succeed on a ranged touch attack with the ray to deal damage to a target. The ray deals 1d3 points of cold damage.


1 - уровень - 4 - 7 

Vinegar Strokes
---------Enchantment (Compulsion)
			 Время 1d4 rounds + 1 round/level
			Range: Close (25 ft. + 5 ft/2 levels).
			Target: One creature.
			В течении данного времени существо не может ничего делать кроме как ахать и охоть - это предогразменное состояние.
			цель не может двигаться, проводить заклинания, и использовать свои способности, но он может защищиться от атак и аттакубщих.
----------Hypnotic Rump Enchantment (Charm)
			Range: Personal.
			Effect: Creatures of correct orientation with line of sight to buttocks.
			Время: 1 round/level plus the casters Charisma score.
			Saving Throw: Will negates.
			Кинуть 2d4 +1/level чтобы определить сколько хит дайсов сществ подействует данное заклинание
			Это заклинание делает ничего, но вам нужно постоянно отмачивать шуточки насчет задниц которые перед лицом,и это им не дает сделать что-то
------------Charm Person
			Range:	Close (25 ft. + 5 ft./2 levels)
			Target:	One humanoid creature
			Время:	1 hour/level
			+5 на сейв если врруг не прокинится, то все еще закчармлен и он становится на один пункт дружилюбнее
-------------. Speedy Undress
				Range:
				Close (25 ft. + 5 ft./2 levels).
				Targets:
				One dressed target.
				Saving Throw:
				Reflex negates.
				Spell Resistance:
				Yes.With a word and a gesture the target’s clothes fallaway from their body, leaving them naked apart fromthe boots they are standing in. This includes anyarmour but does not include helmets, hats or  jewellery.The original purpose of this spell was for ogling and  pranks, as well as saving time when engaged inquick knee-tremblers behind taverns. It has since been misused by adventurers for denuding their targets of their armour to make them easier kills, butits original purpose remains popular.


2 - уровень  -4
---------------------Touch of Idiocy
						Casting Time:	1 standard action
						Range:	Touch
						Target:	Living creature touched
						Duration:	10 min./level
						Saving Throw:	No
						Spell Resistance:	Yes
						With a touch, you reduce the target’s mental faculties. Your successful melee touch attack applies a 1d6 penalty to the target’s Intelligence, Wisdom, and Charisma scores. This penalty can’t reduce any of these scores below 1.

							

Summon Familiar (Синистер) 
Snake viper (+ bluff)

Master Class Level	Natural Armor Adj.	Int	Special
1st—2nd	+1		6		Alertness, improved evasion, share spells, empathic link
3rd—4th	+2		7		Deliver touch spells

Alertness (Настороженность)(Ex): Spot +2 , +2 bluff.

Improved Evasion (Улуч): когда нужно кидать рефлекс(при атаке противника) и он успешен, то дамага нет, а если есть то половину дамага.

Share Spells: все что хозяин кастит на себя кастится на фамильяра в 5 футов - а т.е. в 1 шаге.

Empathic Link (Su): волшебник имеет эмпатичекую свзять со своим фамильяром в 1.3 км . Он не видит через галаза фамильяра, но зато может  с ним эмпатически общаться. Он может видеть эмоциональные свойства(голод, счастья страх  и тюпю). 

Deliver Touch Spells (передача заклов через фамильяра):Змейке можно 
передать заклинание и провести через нее тач атаку.
viper 

hp 5 / 5 
str  4 - -4 
 
dex  17 - + 3

con  11- 

wis  12 - +1

int  7 - -2

char  2 - 4

BAB 1 Attack 1 / 1d6 по консте 10.
AC 14

fort - 2
ref - 3
will - 4


balance 11
hide 16
listen 6
spot 6
climb 9
swim   7
bluff 13


weapon winnes dex +bab



